Workings (short)


1. Movement:
The basic movement of the game is done with the keyboard. You can quickly position
yourself on the screen with the horizontal ruler but the fine movements on the screen
must be done with the Keys 'A','D','W' and 'S' or alternatively the arrow keys.
Horizontal movement is easy and self explanatory. Vertical Movement is only relevant
when a Tank has appeared. 'Up' and 'W' brings you nearer to the Tank and 'Down' and
'S' moves you away from the tank

When you press 'S' repeatedly there willl be a moment when the Tanks is not shown
anymore. This doesnt mean that it has disappered but is is so far away that you can
not see it anymore. If it was shooting it will then also stop the shooting.
When you press 'W' again the Tank will become visible again.

When you press 'W' repeatedly the Tank will come closer until you pass the Tank and
then the Tank will be invisible in the background. You will only be seeing it at that
moment at the Radar right up on the screen.
When you press 'S' again you will move backwards and then the Tabk will eventually
be visible again.


2: Tanks and Radar:

A Tank will appear automatically after a fixed time on a random spot. The tank will
immeditaly start moving towards you and fire bullets to kill you.
When the Tank hits you you will loose 1 of your 3 lives which are visible in the
right corner of the screen. When you loose all 3 lives the game will be over.

The position of the Tank will always be visible on the small red Radar that is
visible in the right upper corner of the screen.
When a Tank is shot or a Tank has disappeared at the bottom side of the Radar
then a new Tank will appear again at a random spot.



3. Shooting:

You can shoot bullets from your Tank by pressing the [Space] or the 'F' button.
When you hit the Tank on the screen the tank will disappear and you will earn
1000 points credit which is shown at the right upper part of the screen.

The aim of the game is to shoot a lot of Tanks and hit the high score of 49000.


4. Strategy:

It is difficult to gain high scores in the game. You will have to shoot the Tanks
but when you do they will immediately shoot back. You will have to create your own
strategy of fightning by using quick left and right movements after shooting and
also using the quick 'S' movements after the Tank has fired.


Good Luck,
Reiniere.

